hi there thought I just let you know I
ordered this tower pro 40 camp PSC from
Hobby King and I was doing for me was
just beeping beeping beeping can work
out what problem was told the backing
off and the front just four screws tried
to check all the salted joints were good
and it was still beeping then I read up
about this thing called rebinding you
know what that is is you've got to turn
off your transmitter just connect
everything from the ESC except for the
receiver and then you simply turn on the
transmitter give it full throttle then
plug in the battery wait for a few
seconds make sure all the connectors
aren't touching anything
wait for a few seconds turn it off and
then put the shuttle back to normal hang
outside do turn it on full throttle plug
in the battery ensuring that the
connectors don't touch each other wait
for a few seconds bring the throttle
down to zero disconnect battery turn it
off then you go connect it
and then if my other ESC that I bought
it does the same thing I'll do a video
showing you how to do it from scratch
as you can hear it's working
thanks guys
rate comment and subscribe